MON-3991: set noProxy for Prometheus remote-write via the CR. (#2453)
openshift/cluster-monitoring-operator: Documentation/openshiftdocs/modules/remotewritespec.adoc

|oauth2|*monv1.OAuth2|Defines OAuth2 authentication settings for the remote write endpoint.

> |proxyUrl|string|Defines an optional proxy URL. It is superseded by the cluster-wide proxy when it is enabled, prioritizing the HTTPS proxy.

Author: cc @eromanova97, if there is any better wording for this.
(when cluster-wide proxy is enabled, it can have an HTTP and an HTTPS proxy and we make HTTPS take precedence)

> |proxyUrl|string|Defines an optional proxy URL. It is superseded by the cluster-wide proxy when it is enabled, prioritizing the HTTPS proxy.

Reviewer: Hello, I like the change you are suggesting, I believe it is just missing the information about the replacement there. So I would suggest something like:

```suggestion
|proxyUrl|string|Defines an optional proxy URL. If the cluster-wide proxy is enabled, it replaces the proxyUrl setting. The cluster-wide proxy supports both HTTP and HTTPS proxies, with HTTPS taking precedence.
```
I hope this is correct. I was not sure if the "it" in your suggested text refers to the cluster-wide proxy or the proxyURL property :sweat_smile:

Author: much clearer, thanks.
